[DSM] Add link text to DSM to each core DSM integration so that DSM shows up on the website (#19854)
DataDog/integrations-core: confluent_platform/README.md

- Streams
- REST Proxy

> To get more out of your Confluent Platform integration, including visualizing your pipelines and tracking lag through the pipeline to root out bottlenecks, consider [Data Streams Monitoring][11].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider [Data Streams Monitoring][11] to enhance your Confluent Platform integration. This solution enables pipeline visualization and lag tracking, helping you identify and resolve bottlenecks.
```
